docs/package/integration/fastapi.md, before:

# FastAPI Integration

This guide explains how to integrate EncypherAI with FastAPI to build robust web applications that can embed and verify metadata in AI-generated content. We will use the modern `Encypher` and `StreamingEncypher` classes for this integration.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have installed the required packages:

```bash
uv pip install encypher-ai fastapi uvicorn
```

## Complete Example

This example provides a complete FastAPI application with endpoints for embedding metadata in both standard and streaming responses, as well as an endpoint for verification. You can save this code as `main.py` and run it with `uvicorn main:app --reload`.

```python
# main.py
import asyncio
import time
from typing import Any, Dict, Optional

from fastapi import FastAPI, HTTPException
from fastapi.responses import StreamingResponse
from pydantic import BaseModel

from encypher.core.encypher import Encypher
from encypher.streaming.encypher import StreamingEncypher
from encypher.core.keys import generate_ed25519_key_pair

# --- 1. Initialization and Key Management ---
app = FastAPI(
    title="EncypherAI FastAPI Integration",
    description="An example of embedding and verifying metadata in API responses using Encypher and StreamingEncypher.",
)

# For demonstration, we generate keys in memory.
# In production, load these securely (e.g., from environment variables or a vault).
private_key, public_key = generate_ed25519_key_pair()
signer_id = "fastapi-server-signer-001"

# A simple in-memory store for public keys.
# In production, this would be a database or a call to a key management service.
public_keys_store: Dict[str, object] = {signer_id: public_key}

# Initialize the core Encypher class for non-streaming and verification
encypher = Encypher(
    private_key=private_key,
    signer_id=signer_id,
    public_key_provider=public_keys_store.get,
)

# --- 2. Pydantic Models for Requests ---
class EmbedRequest(BaseModel):
    text: str
    custom_metadata: Dict[str, Any]

class VerifyRequest(BaseModel):
    text: str
    from_stream: bool = False

class StreamRequest(BaseModel):
    custom_metadata: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None


# --- 3. Non-Streaming Endpoints ---
@app.post("/embed", summary="Embed metadata in text")
async def embed_metadata(request: EmbedRequest) -> Dict[str, str]:
    """
    Embeds the provided custom metadata into the text and returns the encoded text.
    """
    try:
        encoded_text = encypher.embed(
            text=request.text,
            custom_metadata=request.custom_metadata,
        )
        return {"encoded_text": encoded_text}
    except Exception as e:
        raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail=f"Failed to embed metadata: {e}")


@app.post("/verify", summary="Verify metadata in text")
async def verify_metadata(request: VerifyRequest) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """
    Verifies the metadata in the text and returns the validation status and payload.
    For streamed content, set `from_stream` to true to disable hard binding verification.
    """
    try:
        # For streamed content, hard binding is not present and must be disabled.
        verification_result = encypher.verify(
            text=request.text, require_hard_binding=not request.from_stream
        )

        if not verification_result.payload:
            return {"is_valid": False, "message": "No metadata found in text."}

        return {
            "is_valid": verification_result.is_valid,
            "signer_id": verification_result.payload.signer_id,
            "payload": verification_result.payload.to_dict(),
        }
    except Exception as e:
        raise HTTPException(status_code=400, detail=f"Verification failed: {e}")


# --- 4. Streaming Endpoint ---
@app.post("/stream", summary="Get a streaming response with embedded metadata")
async def stream_response(request: StreamRequest):
    """
    Generates a streaming response from a simulated source and embeds metadata.
    """
    # Initialize StreamingEncypher for this specific stream
    streaming_encypher = StreamingEncypher(
        private_key=private_key,
        signer_id=signer_id,
        public_key_provider=public_keys_store.get,
        custom_metadata=request.custom_metadata or {},
    )

    async def stream_generator():
        # In a real application, you would call an LLM API here.
        # For this example, we simulate a streaming response.
        simulated_llm_chunks = [
            "This is the first chunk ",
            "of a streamed response, ",
            "and this is the final part.",
        ]

        for chunk in simulated_llm_chunks:
            encoded_chunk = streaming_encypher.process_chunk(chunk=chunk)
            if encoded_chunk:
                yield encoded_chunk
            await asyncio.sleep(0.1)  # Simulate network delay

        # Finalize the stream to process any buffered content and embed the signature
        final_chunk = streaming_encypher.finalize()
        if final_chunk:
            yield final_chunk

    return StreamingResponse(stream_generator(), media_type="text/plain")


# --- 5. Run the Application ---
if __name__ == "__main__":
    import uvicorn

    # To run: uvicorn main:app --reload
    uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=8000)
```

## How It Works

1.  **Key Management**: We generate an Ed25519 key pair and set up a simple `public_keys_store` dictionary to act as our public key provider. An `Encypher` instance is initialized once and reused for non-streaming and verification tasks.

2.  **/embed Endpoint**: This endpoint uses the `encypher.embed()` method to sign and embed metadata into a given text. It's a standard, non-streaming operation.

3.  **/verify Endpoint**: This endpoint uses the `encypher.verify()` method. It now accepts a `from_stream` flag. If `True`, it disables the hard binding check (`require_hard_binding=False`), which is necessary for content generated via streaming.

4.  **/stream Endpoint**: For streaming, we instantiate `StreamingEncypher` for each request.
    - `process_chunk()`: Each chunk of the incoming stream is processed. The handler buffers content to optimize for the Unicode encoding space.
    - `finalize()`: Once the source stream is complete, `finalize()` is called to process any remaining buffered content and append the final metadata payload and signature.
    - `StreamingResponse`: FastAPI's `StreamingResponse` is used to send the processed chunks to the client as they become available.

This setup provides a robust and modern way to handle content integrity in a FastAPI application.
        yield final_chunk
```

## Authentication and Security

### API Key Authentication

Implementing API key authentication:

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI, Depends, HTTPException, Security
from fastapi.security.api_key import APIKeyHeader, APIKey
from starlette.status import HTTP_403_FORBIDDEN
from typing import Dict, Any

app = FastAPI()

# Define API key header
API_KEY = "your-api-key"  # In production, use a secure key management system
API_KEY_NAME = "X-API-Key"
api_key_header = APIKeyHeader(name=API_KEY_NAME, auto_error=False)

# Dependency for API key validation
async def get_api_key(api_key: str = Security(api_key_header)):
    if api_key == API_KEY:
        return api_key
    raise HTTPException(
        status_code=HTTP_403_FORBIDDEN, detail="Invalid API Key"
    )

# Protected endpoint
@app.post("/encode", dependencies=[Depends(get_api_key)])
async def encode_metadata(request: Dict[str, Any]):
    # Your implementation here
    pass
```

### CORS Configuration

Configuring CORS for production:

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI
from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware

app = FastAPI()

# Configure CORS
app.add_middleware(
    CORSMiddleware,
    allow_origins=["https://yourdomain.com"],  # Specify your frontend domain
    allow_credentials=True,
    allow_methods=["GET", "POST"],  # Specify allowed methods
    allow_headers=["*"],  # Or specify allowed headers
)
```

### Rate Limiting

Implementing rate limiting:

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI, Request, HTTPException
from fastapi.middleware.base import BaseHTTPMiddleware
from typing import Dict, Any, Optional
import time

app = FastAPI()

# Rate limiting configuration
class RateLimitMiddleware(BaseHTTPMiddleware):
    def __init__(
        self,
        app,
        requests_per_minute: int = 60,
        window_size: int = 60  # seconds
    ):
        super().__init__(app)
        self.requests_per_minute = requests_per_minute
        self.window_size = window_size
        self.request_counts: Dict[str, Dict[int, int]] = {}

    async def dispatch(self, request: Request, call_next):
        # Get client IP
        client_ip = request.client.host

        # Get current time window
        current_window = int(time.time() / self.window_size)

        # Initialize or update request count
        if client_ip not in self.request_counts:
            self.request_counts[client_ip] = {}

        # Clean up old windows
        self.request_counts[client_ip] = {
            window: count for window, count in self.request_counts[client_ip].items()
            if window >= current_window - 1
        }

        # Get current count
        current_count = self.request_counts[client_ip].get(current_window, 0)

        # Check if rate limit exceeded
        if current_count >= self.requests_per_minute:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=429, detail="Rate limit exceeded")

        # Update count
        self.request_counts[client_ip][current_window] = current_count + 1

        # Process the request
        return await call_next(request)

# Add rate limiting middleware
app.add_middleware(RateLimitMiddleware, requests_per_minute=60)
```

## Deployment

### Docker Deployment

Here's a sample Dockerfile for deploying a FastAPI application with EncypherAI:

```dockerfile
FROM python:3.11-slim

WORKDIR /app

# Install dependencies
COPY requirements.txt .
RUN pip install --no-cache-dir -r requirements.txt

# Copy application code
COPY . .

# Expose port
EXPOSE 8000

# Start the application
CMD ["uvicorn", "main:app", "--host", "0.0.0.0", "--port", "8000"]
```

And a sample `requirements.txt`:

```
fastapi>=0.100.0
uvicorn>=0.22.0
encypher-ai>=1.0.0
python-multipart>=0.0.6
python-dotenv>=1.0.0
cryptography>=4.0.0
```

### Environment Variables

Using environment variables for configuration:

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI
from encypher.core.unicode_metadata import UnicodeMetadata
import os
from dotenv import load_dotenv

# Load environment variables
load_dotenv()

# Initialize FastAPI app
app = FastAPI()

# Get configuration from environment variables
OPENAI_API_KEY = os.getenv("OPENAI_API_KEY")
DB_URL = os.getenv("DATABASE_URL")
# --- Key Loading/Management ---
# Load your main private key (e.g., from a file or env var)
# Example: Load from PEM file
try:
    with open("private_key.pem", "rb") as key_file:
        private_key = serialization.load_pem_private_key(
            key_file.read(),
            password=None # Add password if key is encrypted
        )
except FileNotFoundError:
    print("Warning: private_key.pem not found. Using generated key for demo.")
    private_key, _ = generate_key_pair() # Fallback for demo

# Load public keys for resolver (e.g., from DB or config file)
# public_keys_store = load_public_keys_from_db(DB_URL)
# For demo, we used an in-memory dict initialized earlier
# ----------------------------
```

## Best Practices

1. **Secure Key Management**: Store your EncypherAI private key securely using environment variables or a secure key management system.

2. **Input Validation**: Use Pydantic models to validate input data and provide clear error messages.

3. **Error Handling**: Implement proper error handling for both FastAPI and EncypherAI operations.

4. **Rate Limiting**: Implement rate limiting to prevent abuse of your API.

5. **Authentication**: Implement API key authentication or OAuth2 for secure access to your API.

6. **CORS Configuration**: Configure CORS properly to allow only trusted domains to access your API.

7. **Logging**: Implement structured logging to track API usage and errors.

8. **Documentation**: Use FastAPI's automatic documentation generation to provide clear API documentation.

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **CORS Errors**: Ensure `allow_origins` in `CORSMiddleware` is correctly configured for your frontend URL in production.

2. **Key Management**: Securely store private keys. Never commit them to version control. Implement a robust `public_key_resolver` that fetches keys from a secure store (like a database or vault) based on `key_id`.

3. **Verification Failures**:
   - Check if the text content was modified *after* metadata embedding.
   - Ensure the `public_key_resolver` correctly retrieves the public key corresponding to the `key_id` used during signing.
   - Verify that the `private_key` used for signing matches the `public_key` returned by the resolver for the given `key_id`.

4. **Streaming Issues**: Ensure the `finalize()` method of `StreamingHandler` is called after the loop to process any buffered content. Check for errors in the async generator logic.

5. **Dependencies**: Make sure `cryptography` is installed (`uv pip install cryptography`).

## Related Documentation

- [FastAPI Documentation](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
- [EncypherAI Streaming Support](../user-guide/streaming.md)
- [Metadata Encoding Guide](../user-guide/metadata-encoding.md)
- [Extraction and Verification](../user-guide/extraction-verification.md)

Commit message:

feat(docs): add FILE_END and FILE_END_ZWNBSP targets; update branding to Encypher Corporation
- Added new embedding targets to docs and examples:
  - FILE_END ("file_end") — appends variation selectors at end of text
  - FILE_END_ZWNBSP ("file_end_zwnbsp") — prefixes U+FEFF then appends selectors at end
- Updated API and streaming references to include new targets and behavior:
  - docs/package/api-reference/unicode_metadata.md
  - docs/package/api-reference/streaming-metadata-encoder.md
  - docs/package/streaming/handlers.md
  - docs/package/examples/advanced-usage.md
  - docs/package/examples/c2pa_text_demo.md
- Updated changelogs with 2.8.0 "Added" entry documenting new targets:
  - docs/package/CHANGELOG.md
  - docs/package/changelog.md

Branding and license:
- Updated logos and branding assets to Encypher Corporation (docs/assets/*)
- Updated license holder and references to Encypher Corporation (LICENSE.md, README.md)

No breaking changes.

docs/package/integration/fastapi.md, after:

# FastAPI Integration

This guide explains how to integrate EncypherAI with FastAPI to build robust web applications that can embed and verify metadata in AI-generated content. We will use the modern `Encypher` and `StreamingEncypher` classes for this integration.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have installed the required packages:

```bash
uv pip install encypher-ai fastapi uvicorn
```

## Complete Example

This example provides a complete FastAPI application with endpoints for embedding metadata in both standard and streaming responses, as well as an endpoint for verification. You can save this code as `main.py` and run it with `uvicorn main:app --reload`.

```python
# main.py
import asyncio
import time
from typing import Any, Dict, Optional

from fastapi import FastAPI, HTTPException
from fastapi.responses import StreamingResponse
from pydantic import BaseModel

from encypher.core.encypher import Encypher
from encypher.streaming.encypher import StreamingEncypher
from encypher.core.keys import generate_ed25519_key_pair

# --- 1. Initialization and Key Management ---
app = FastAPI(
    title="EncypherAI FastAPI Integration",
    description="An example of embedding and verifying metadata in API responses using Encypher and StreamingEncypher.",
)

# For demonstration, we generate keys in memory.
# In production, load these securely (e.g., from environment variables or a vault).
private_key, public_key = generate_ed25519_key_pair()
signer_id = "fastapi-server-signer-001"

# A simple in-memory store for public keys.
# In production, this would be a database or a call to a key management service.
public_keys_store: Dict[str, object] = {signer_id: public_key}

# Initialize the core Encypher class for non-streaming and verification
encypher = Encypher(
    private_key=private_key,
    signer_id=signer_id,
    public_key_provider=public_keys_store.get,
)

# --- 2. Pydantic Models for Requests ---
class EmbedRequest(BaseModel):
    text: str
    custom_metadata: Dict[str, Any]

class VerifyRequest(BaseModel):
    text: str
    from_stream: bool = False

class StreamRequest(BaseModel):
    custom_metadata: Optional[Dict[str, Any]] = None


# --- 3. Non-Streaming Endpoints ---
@app.post("/embed", summary="Embed metadata in text")
async def embed_metadata(request: EmbedRequest) -> Dict[str, str]:
    """
    Embeds the provided custom metadata into the text and returns the encoded text.
    """
    try:
        encoded_text = encypher.embed(
            text=request.text,
            custom_metadata=request.custom_metadata,
        )
        return {"encoded_text": encoded_text}
    except Exception as e:
        raise HTTPException(status_code=500, detail=f"Failed to embed metadata: {e}")


@app.post("/verify", summary="Verify metadata in text")
async def verify_metadata(request: VerifyRequest) -> Dict[str, Any]:
    """
    Verifies the metadata in the text and returns the validation status and payload.
    For streamed content, set `from_stream` to true to disable hard binding verification.
    """
    try:
        # For streamed content, hard binding is not present and must be disabled.
        verification_result = encypher.verify(
            text=request.text, require_hard_binding=not request.from_stream
        )

        if not verification_result.payload:
            return {"is_valid": False, "message": "No metadata found in text."}

        return {
            "is_valid": verification_result.is_valid,
            "signer_id": verification_result.payload.signer_id,
            "payload": verification_result.payload.to_dict(),
        }
    except Exception as e:
        raise HTTPException(status_code=400, detail=f"Verification failed: {e}")


# --- 4. Streaming Endpoint ---
@app.post("/stream", summary="Get a streaming response with embedded metadata")
async def stream_response(request: StreamRequest):
    """
    Generates a streaming response from a simulated source and embeds metadata.
    """
    # Initialize StreamingEncypher for this specific stream
    streaming_encypher = StreamingEncypher(
        private_key=private_key,
        signer_id=signer_id,
        public_key_provider=public_keys_store.get,
        custom_metadata=request.custom_metadata or {},
    )

    async def stream_generator():
        # In a real application, you would call an LLM API here.
        # For this example, we simulate a streaming response.
        simulated_llm_chunks = [
            "This is the first chunk ",
            "of a streamed response, ",
            "and this is the final part.",
        ]

        for chunk in simulated_llm_chunks:
            encoded_chunk = streaming_encypher.process_chunk(chunk=chunk)
            if encoded_chunk:
                yield encoded_chunk
            await asyncio.sleep(0.1)  # Simulate network delay

        # Finalize the stream to process any buffered content and embed the signature
        final_chunk = streaming_encypher.finalize()
        if final_chunk:
            yield final_chunk

    return StreamingResponse(stream_generator(), media_type="text/plain")


# --- 5. Run the Application ---
if __name__ == "__main__":
    import uvicorn

    # To run: uvicorn main:app --reload
    uvicorn.run(app, host="0.0.0.0", port=8000)
```

## How It Works

1.  **Key Management**: We generate an Ed25519 key pair and set up a simple `public_keys_store` dictionary to act as our public key provider. An `Encypher` instance is initialized once and reused for non-streaming and verification tasks.

2.  **/embed Endpoint**: This endpoint uses the `encypher.embed()` method to sign and embed metadata into a given text. It's a standard, non-streaming operation.

3.  **/verify Endpoint**: This endpoint uses the `encypher.verify()` method. It now accepts a `from_stream` flag. If `True`, it disables the hard binding check (`require_hard_binding=False`), which is necessary for content generated via streaming.

4.  **/stream Endpoint**: For streaming, we instantiate `StreamingEncypher` for each request.
    - `process_chunk()`: Each chunk of the incoming stream is processed. The handler buffers content to optimize for the Unicode encoding space.
    - `finalize()`: Once the source stream is complete, `finalize()` is called to process any remaining buffered content and append the final metadata payload and signature.
    - `StreamingResponse`: FastAPI's `StreamingResponse` is used to send the processed chunks to the client as they become available.

This setup provides a robust and modern way to handle content integrity in a FastAPI application.
        yield final_chunk
```

## Authentication and Security

### API Key Authentication

Implementing API key authentication:

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI, Depends, HTTPException, Security
from fastapi.security.api_key import APIKeyHeader, APIKey
from starlette.status import HTTP_403_FORBIDDEN
from typing import Dict, Any

app = FastAPI()

# Define API key header
API_KEY = "your-api-key"  # In production, use a secure key management system
API_KEY_NAME = "X-API-Key"
api_key_header = APIKeyHeader(name=API_KEY_NAME, auto_error=False)

# Dependency for API key validation
async def get_api_key(api_key: str = Security(api_key_header)):
    if api_key == API_KEY:
        return api_key
    raise HTTPException(
        status_code=HTTP_403_FORBIDDEN, detail="Invalid API Key"
    )

# Protected endpoint
@app.post("/encode", dependencies=[Depends(get_api_key)])
async def encode_metadata(request: Dict[str, Any]):
    # Your implementation here
    pass
```

### CORS Configuration

Configuring CORS for production:

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI
from fastapi.middleware.cors import CORSMiddleware

app = FastAPI()

# Configure CORS
app.add_middleware(
    CORSMiddleware,
    allow_origins=["https://yourdomain.com"],  # Specify your frontend domain
    allow_credentials=True,
    allow_methods=["GET", "POST"],  # Specify allowed methods
    allow_headers=["*"],  # Or specify allowed headers
)
```

### Rate Limiting

Implementing rate limiting:

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI, Request, HTTPException
from fastapi.middleware.base import BaseHTTPMiddleware
from typing import Dict, Any, Optional
import time

app = FastAPI()

# Rate limiting configuration
class RateLimitMiddleware(BaseHTTPMiddleware):
    def __init__(
        self,
        app,
        requests_per_minute: int = 60,
        window_size: int = 60  # seconds
    ):
        super().__init__(app)
        self.requests_per_minute = requests_per_minute
        self.window_size = window_size
        self.request_counts: Dict[str, Dict[int, int]] = {}

    async def dispatch(self, request: Request, call_next):
        # Get client IP
        client_ip = request.client.host

        # Get current time window
        current_window = int(time.time() / self.window_size)

        # Initialize or update request count
        if client_ip not in self.request_counts:
            self.request_counts[client_ip] = {}

        # Clean up old windows
        self.request_counts[client_ip] = {
            window: count for window, count in self.request_counts[client_ip].items()
            if window >= current_window - 1
        }

        # Get current count
        current_count = self.request_counts[client_ip].get(current_window, 0)

        # Check if rate limit exceeded
        if current_count >= self.requests_per_minute:
            raise HTTPException(status_code=429, detail="Rate limit exceeded")

        # Update count
        self.request_counts[client_ip][current_window] = current_count + 1

        # Process the request
        return await call_next(request)

# Add rate limiting middleware
app.add_middleware(RateLimitMiddleware, requests_per_minute=60)
```

## Deployment

### Docker Deployment

Here's a sample Dockerfile for deploying a FastAPI application with EncypherAI:

```dockerfile
FROM python:3.11-slim

WORKDIR /app

# Install dependencies
COPY requirements.txt .
RUN pip install --no-cache-dir -r requirements.txt

# Copy application code
COPY . .

# Expose port
EXPOSE 8000

# Start the application
CMD ["uvicorn", "main:app", "--host", "0.0.0.0", "--port", "8000"]
```

And a sample `requirements.txt`:

```
fastapi>=0.100.0
uvicorn>=0.22.0
encypher-ai>=1.0.0
python-multipart>=0.0.6
python-dotenv>=1.0.0
cryptography>=4.0.0
```

### Environment Variables

Using environment variables for configuration:

```python
from fastapi import FastAPI
from encypher.core.unicode_metadata import UnicodeMetadata
import os
from dotenv import load_dotenv

# Load environment variables
load_dotenv()

# Initialize FastAPI app
app = FastAPI()

# Get configuration from environment variables
OPENAI_API_KEY = os.getenv("OPENAI_API_KEY")
DB_URL = os.getenv("DATABASE_URL")
# --- Key Loading/Management ---
# Load your main private key (e.g., from a file or env var)
# Example: Load from PEM file
try:
    with open("private_key.pem", "rb") as key_file:
        private_key = serialization.load_pem_private_key(
            key_file.read(),
            password=None # Add password if key is encrypted
        )
except FileNotFoundError:
    print("Warning: private_key.pem not found. Using generated key for demo.")
    private_key, _ = generate_key_pair() # Fallback for demo

# Load public keys for resolver (e.g., from DB or config file)
# public_keys_store = load_public_keys_from_db(DB_URL)
# For demo, we used an in-memory dict initialized earlier
# ----------------------------
```

## Best Practices

1. **Secure Key Management**: Store your EncypherAI private key securely using environment variables or a secure key management system.
2. **Timestamps (optional)**: Timestamps are recommended but optional across all metadata formats (including C2PA). When a timestamp is omitted, C2PA assertions that normally include a `when` field will simply omit it.

3. **Input Validation**: Use Pydantic models to validate input data and provide clear error messages.

4. **Error Handling**: Implement proper error handling for both FastAPI and EncypherAI operations.

5. **Rate Limiting**: Implement rate limiting to prevent abuse of your API.

6. **Authentication**: Implement API key authentication or OAuth2 for secure access to your API.

7. **CORS Configuration**: Configure CORS properly to allow only trusted domains to access your API.

8. **Logging**: Implement structured logging to track API usage and errors.

9. **Documentation**: Use FastAPI's automatic documentation generation to provide clear API documentation.

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

1. **CORS Errors**: Ensure `allow_origins` in `CORSMiddleware` is correctly configured for your frontend URL in production.

2. **Key Management**: Securely store private keys. Never commit them to version control. Implement a robust `public_key_resolver` that fetches keys from a secure store (like a database or vault) based on `key_id`.

3. **Verification Failures**:
   - Check if the text content was modified *after* metadata embedding.
   - Ensure the `public_key_resolver` correctly retrieves the public key corresponding to the `key_id` used during signing.
   - Verify that the `private_key` used for signing matches the `public_key` returned by the resolver for the given `key_id`.

4. **Streaming Issues**: Ensure the `finalize()` method of `StreamingHandler` is called after the loop to process any buffered content. Check for errors in the async generator logic.

5. **Dependencies**: Make sure `cryptography` is installed (`uv pip install cryptography`).

## Related Documentation

- [FastAPI Documentation](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/)
- [EncypherAI Streaming Support](../user-guide/streaming.md)
- [Metadata Encoding Guide](../user-guide/metadata-encoding.md)
- [Extraction and Verification](../user-guide/extraction-verification.md)
