docs/package/user-guide/c2pa-relationship.md, before:

# C2PA Integration for Text Content

The Encypher SDK provides a robust, C2PA-compliant solution for embedding provenance and authenticity metadata directly into plain text. While the official C2PA standard primarily focuses on container-based media files (like JPEG or MP4), our SDK extends these principles to the text domain, which traditionally lacks a standard embedding mechanism.

> Note: Timestamps are optional in C2PA text embeddings. When omitted, C2PA action assertions that normally include a `when` field (e.g., `c2pa.created`, `c2pa.watermarked`) will simply omit it.

## Our Approach: C2PA Compliance via Unicode

We enable C2PA compliance for text by using Unicode variation selectors as a **transport layer**. This means:

1.  **Standard C2PA Manifest**: You create a standard C2PA manifest, complete with assertions, cryptographic hashes, and digital signatures, as you would for any other media type.
2.  **COSE Sign1 Structure**: The manifest is packaged into a `COSE_Sign1` object, the standard cryptographic container used in C2PA.
3.  **Unicode Embedding**: Instead of injecting this `COSE_Sign1` object into a file container, our SDK serializes it and embeds the resulting bytes invisibly into the text itself using non-printing Unicode characters.

This approach makes the text itself the carrier of its own C2PA provenance, ensuring the metadata travels with the content wherever it's copied or published.

## Key C2PA Features Supported

Our implementation fully supports the core security features of the C2PA standard:

-   **Digital Signatures (COSE)**: Manifests are signed using Ed25519 keys within a `COSE_Sign1` structure, ensuring authenticity and integrity.
-   **Hard Binding**: A cryptographic hash of the original, clean text content is included in the manifest. This creates a tamper-evident seal, proving the text has not been altered.
-   **Soft Binding**: A hash of the manifest's assertions is also included, preventing claims from being added, removed, or modified after signing.
-   **X.509 Certificate Chains**: You can provide a certificate chain along with the signature, allowing verifiers to trace the key's authenticity back to a trusted root Certificate Authority (CA).

## Practical Example: Embedding a C2PA Manifest

This self-contained example demonstrates the end-to-end workflow: creating a manifest, embedding it, and verifying it.

```python
from encypher.core.keys import generate_ed25519_key_pair
from encypher.core.unicode_metadata import UnicodeMetadata
from encypher.interop.c2pa import compute_normalized_hash

def run_c2pa_text_demo():
    """Demonstrates embedding and verifying a C2PA manifest in text."""

    # 1. Generate a key pair for signing
    private_key, public_key = generate_ed25519_key_pair()
    signer_id = "com.example.news-outlet"

    # 2. Define the clean text content
    original_text = "The new AI regulations will take effect next quarter, according to sources."

    # 3. Create a C2PA manifest dictionary
    # This includes a hard-binding content hash to protect against tampering.
    hash_result = compute_normalized_hash(original_text)

    c2pa_manifest = {
        "claim_generator": "Encypher-SDK/1.1.0",
        "assertions": [
            {
                "label": "stds.schema-org.CreativeWork",
                "data": {
                    "@context": "https://schema.org",
                    "@type": "CreativeWork",
                    "author": {
                        "@type": "Organization",
                        "name": "Example News Co."
                    },
                },
            },
            {
                "label": "c2pa.hash.data.v1",
                "data": {
                    "hash": hash_result.hexdigest,
                    "alg": "sha256",
                },
                "kind": "ContentHash",
            },
        ],
    }

    # 4. Embed the manifest into the text
    # The `c2pa` format handles all COSE signing and CBOR encoding internally.
    embedded_text = UnicodeMetadata.embed_metadata(
        text=original_text,
        private_key=private_key,
        signer_id=signer_id,
        c2pa_manifest=c2pa_manifest,
    )

    print(f"Original text length: {len(original_text)}")
    print(f"Embedded text length: {len(embedded_text)}")
    print("--- Text with embedded C2PA manifest ---")
    print(embedded_text)
    print("-----------------------------------------")

    # 5. Verify the embedded manifest
    # The public key resolver function allows the verifier to look up the correct
    # public key based on the signer_id found in the manifest.
    def public_key_resolver(kid):
        if kid == signer_id:
            return public_key
        return None

    is_verified, extracted_id, payload = UnicodeMetadata.verify_metadata(
        text=embedded_text,
        public_key_resolver=public_key_resolver,
    )

    print(f"\nVerification result: {'SUCCESS' if is_verified else 'FAILURE'}")
    print(f"Extracted Signer ID: {extracted_id}")

    if payload:
        print("Extracted and Verified Payload:")
        # The payload contains the original manifest assertions
        for assertion in payload.assertions:
            print(f"- Assertion Label: {assertion.label}")

    # --- Tampering Demo ---
    print("\n--- Demonstrating Tamper Detection ---")
    tampered_text = embedded_text.replace("next quarter", "immediately")

    is_verified_tampered, _, _ = UnicodeMetadata.verify_metadata(
        text=tampered_text, public_key_resolver=public_key_resolver
    )

    print(f"Verification of tampered text: {'SUCCESS' if is_verified_tampered else 'FAILURE'}")
    assert not is_verified_tampered, "Tamper detection failed!"
    print("Tampering was successfully detected, as expected.")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    run_c2pa_text_demo()
```

### Running the Example

When you run this script, you will see:

1.  The original text is successfully embedded with a C2PA manifest.
2.  The `verify_metadata` function successfully authenticates the signature and validates the content hash, confirming the text is genuine.
3.  When a single word of the text is changed, the verification fails, demonstrating the power of the hard-binding content hash.

This workflow provides a powerful tool for establishing trust and transparency in AI-generated text and other plain-text content.

Commit message:

release: v3.0.2 docs audit + C2PA v2.3 strict verify

docs/package/user-guide/c2pa-relationship.md, after:

# C2PA Integration for Text Content

The Encypher SDK provides a robust, C2PA-compliant solution for embedding provenance and authenticity metadata directly into plain text. As of C2PA v2.3, the official specification includes support for embedding manifests into unstructured text (Appendix A.7), and this SDK implements that standard.

Specification reference:
https://spec.c2pa.org/specifications/specifications/2.3/specs/C2PA_Specification.html#embedding_manifests_into_unstructured_text

This project is maintained by Encypher. The maintainers of this codebase are co-chairs of the C2PA Text Task Force and authors of the linked specification.

For the wrapper transport layer (`C2PATextManifestWrapper` encoding/decoding), Encypher relies on the MIT-licensed reference implementation:
https://github.com/encypherai/c2pa-text

> Note: Timestamps are optional in C2PA text embeddings. When omitted, C2PA action assertions that normally include a `when` field (e.g., `c2pa.created`, `c2pa.watermarked`) will simply omit it.

## Our Approach: C2PA Compliance via Unicode

We enable C2PA compliance for text by using Unicode variation selectors as a **transport layer**. This means:

1.  **Standard C2PA Manifest**: You create a standard C2PA manifest, complete with assertions, cryptographic hashes, and digital signatures, as you would for any other media type.
2.  **COSE Sign1 Structure**: The manifest is packaged into a `COSE_Sign1` object, the standard cryptographic container used in C2PA.
3.  **Unicode Embedding**: Instead of injecting this `COSE_Sign1` object into a file container, our SDK serializes it and embeds the resulting bytes invisibly into the text itself using non-printing Unicode characters.

This approach makes the text itself the carrier of its own C2PA provenance, ensuring the metadata travels with the content wherever it's copied or published.

## Key C2PA Features Supported

Our implementation fully supports the core security features of the C2PA standard:

-   **Digital Signatures (COSE)**: Manifests are signed using Ed25519 keys within a `COSE_Sign1` structure, ensuring authenticity and integrity.
-   **Hard Binding (`c2pa.hash.data`)**: A cryptographic hash of the original, clean text content is included in the manifest. The hash is computed on NFC-normalized, UTF-8 encoded text after removing the wrapper bytes specified by the `exclusions` field. This creates a tamper-evident seal, proving the text has not been altered.
-   **Soft Binding**: A hash of the manifest's assertions is also included, preventing claims from being added, removed, or modified after signing.
-   **X.509 Certificate Chains**: You can provide a certificate chain along with the signature, allowing verifiers to trace the key's authenticity back to a trusted root Certificate Authority (CA).

### Validation Status Codes

Per the C2PA v2.3 specification, the following status codes are used for text-based manifest validation:

-   `manifest.text.corruptedWrapper`: A `C2PATextManifestWrapper` magic number was detected, but the wrapper itself was malformed or incomplete.
-   `manifest.text.multipleWrappers`: More than one valid `C2PATextManifestWrapper` was found in the text.

> **Note:** Our implementation is strict-by-default: verification fails if multiple valid wrappers are detected. The spec allows validators to select the intended wrapper via the `exclusions` field, but we enforce single-wrapper compliance for security.

## Practical Example: Embedding a C2PA Manifest

This self-contained example demonstrates the end-to-end workflow: creating a manifest, embedding it, and verifying it.

```python
from encypher.core.keys import generate_ed25519_key_pair
from encypher.core.unicode_metadata import UnicodeMetadata
from encypher.interop.c2pa import compute_normalized_hash

def run_c2pa_text_demo():
    """Demonstrates embedding and verifying a C2PA manifest in text."""

    # 1. Generate a key pair for signing
    private_key, public_key = generate_ed25519_key_pair()
    signer_id = "com.example.news-outlet"

    # 2. Define the clean text content
    original_text = "The new AI regulations will take effect next quarter, according to sources."

    # 3. Create a C2PA manifest dictionary
    # This includes a hard-binding content hash to protect against tampering.
    hash_result = compute_normalized_hash(original_text)

    c2pa_manifest = {
        "claim_generator": "Encypher-SDK/1.1.0",
        "assertions": [
            {
                "label": "stds.schema-org.CreativeWork",
                "data": {
                    "@context": "https://schema.org",
                    "@type": "CreativeWork",
                    "author": {
                        "@type": "Organization",
                        "name": "Example News Co."
                    },
                },
            },
            {
                "label": "c2pa.hash.data.v1",
                "data": {
                    "hash": hash_result.hexdigest,
                    "alg": "sha256",
                },
                "kind": "ContentHash",
            },
        ],
    }

    # 4. Embed the manifest into the text
    # The `c2pa` format handles all COSE signing and CBOR encoding internally.
    embedded_text = UnicodeMetadata.embed_metadata(
        text=original_text,
        private_key=private_key,
        signer_id=signer_id,
        c2pa_manifest=c2pa_manifest,
    )

    print(f"Original text length: {len(original_text)}")
    print(f"Embedded text length: {len(embedded_text)}")
    print("--- Text with embedded C2PA manifest ---")
    print(embedded_text)
    print("-----------------------------------------")

    # 5. Verify the embedded manifest
    # The public key resolver function allows the verifier to look up the correct
    # public key based on the signer_id found in the manifest.
    def public_key_resolver(kid):
        if kid == signer_id:
            return public_key
        return None

    is_verified, extracted_id, payload = UnicodeMetadata.verify_metadata(
        text=embedded_text,
        public_key_resolver=public_key_resolver,
    )

    print(f"\nVerification result: {'SUCCESS' if is_verified else 'FAILURE'}")
    print(f"Extracted Signer ID: {extracted_id}")

    if payload:
        print("Extracted and Verified Payload:")
        # The payload contains the original manifest assertions
        for assertion in payload.assertions:
            print(f"- Assertion Label: {assertion.label}")

    # --- Tampering Demo ---
    print("\n--- Demonstrating Tamper Detection ---")
    tampered_text = embedded_text.replace("next quarter", "immediately")

    is_verified_tampered, _, _ = UnicodeMetadata.verify_metadata(
        text=tampered_text, public_key_resolver=public_key_resolver
    )

    print(f"Verification of tampered text: {'SUCCESS' if is_verified_tampered else 'FAILURE'}")
    assert not is_verified_tampered, "Tamper detection failed!"
    print("Tampering was successfully detected, as expected.")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    run_c2pa_text_demo()
```

### Running the Example

When you run this script, you will see:

1.  The original text is successfully embedded with a C2PA manifest.
2.  The `verify_metadata` function successfully authenticates the signature and validates the content hash, confirming the text is genuine.
3.  When a single word of the text is changed, the verification fails, demonstrating the power of the hard-binding content hash.

This workflow provides a powerful tool for establishing trust and transparency in AI-generated text and other plain-text content.

## Maintenance & Support

While this library is open source, Encypher offers an **Enterprise API** for:

- Managing cryptographic keys at scale (including HSM-backed workflows)
- Automated verification, revocation, and trust anchor management
- Content production workflows for signing at scale
- Analytics and tracking for signed content

[Learn more about Encypher Enterprise](https://encypherai.com)
