docs/package/getting-started/installation.md, before:

# Installation

EncypherAI is available on PyPI and can be installed using uv.

## Requirements

- Python 3.9 or later
- uv (Python package installer)

## Basic Installation

```bash
uv pip install encypher-ai
```

This installs the core EncypherAI package with all required dependencies.

## Development Installation

For development purposes, you can install EncypherAI with additional development dependencies:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/encypherai/encypher-ai.git
cd encypher-ai

# Install with development dependencies
uv pip install -e ".[dev]"
```

## Dependencies

EncypherAI has the following core dependencies:

- `rich`: For formatted terminal output in demo scripts
- `requests`: For HTTP client functionality in API examples
- `python-dotenv`: For environment variable management

For development, additional dependencies include:

- `pytest`: For running tests
- `black`: For code formatting
- `isort`: For import sorting
- `flake8`: For linting
- `mypy`: For static type checking

## Verifying Installation

You can verify that EncypherAI is installed correctly by running:

```python
import encypher
print(encypher.__version__)
```

If the installation was successful, this will print the version number of the installed package.

## Next Steps

Once you have EncypherAI installed, continue to the [Quick Start Guide](quickstart.md) to learn how to use the package.

Commit message:

feat: Refactor for C2PA alignment, Ed25519 signatures, and release v2.0.0
This release introduces major architectural changes including a refactor for C2PA alignment, the adoption of Ed25519 digital signatures, and API consolidation, alongside bug fixes and enhanced examples.

Major Changes & Features (v2.0.0):
- feat(security): Replaced HMAC-based verification with Ed25519 digital signatures for enhanced security and non-repudiation. Keys are managed via `private_key` and `public_key_resolver`.
- refactor(api): Deprecated `MetadataEncoder` and consolidated all core functionality into the `UnicodeMetadata` class for a unified API surface.
- feat(c2pa): Refactored manifest structure and added `encypher.interop.c2pa` module to align more closely with C2PA principles for text-based content provenance.
- feat(core): Added explicit comments and docstrings highlighting C2PA concepts and Ed25519 usage.
- docs: Updated all documentation (README, guides, API refs) to reflect Ed25519 signatures, the `UnicodeMetadata` API, and C2PA alignment.

Supporting Changes:
- fix(core): Resolved critical signature verification failures in `UnicodeMetadata` by correcting payload serialization and structure handling.
- fix(tests): Updated `test_unicode_metadata.py` assertions for the refactored manifest structure and Ed25519 verification.
- feat(examples): Added `examples/encypher_v2_demo.ipynb` notebook and `create_demo_notebook.py` script demonstrating v2.0.0 features.
- docs: Updated documentation links to point to the new notebook example, including a Colab link.
- chore: Removed outdated ROADMAP.md file and references.
- chore: Applied code formatting (black, isort) and linting (ruff, mypy) fixes via pre-commit.

docs/package/getting-started/installation.md, after:

# Installation

EncypherAI is available on PyPI and can be installed using uv.

## Requirements

- Python 3.9 or later
- uv (Python package installer)

## Basic Installation

```bash
uv pip install encypher-ai
```

This installs the core EncypherAI package with all required dependencies.

## Development Installation

For development purposes, you can install EncypherAI with additional development dependencies:

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/encypherai/encypher-ai.git
cd encypher-ai

# Install with development dependencies
uv pip install -e ".[dev]"
```

## Dependencies

EncypherAI has the following core dependencies:

- `cryptography`: For Ed25519 digital signatures and key management
- `rich`: For formatted terminal output in demo scripts
- `requests`: For HTTP client functionality in API examples
- `python-dotenv`: For environment variable management

For development, additional dependencies include:

- `pytest`: For running tests
- `black`: For code formatting
- `isort`: For import sorting
- `flake8`: For linting
- `mypy`: For static type checking

## Verifying Installation

You can verify that EncypherAI is installed correctly by running:

```python
import encypher
print(encypher.__version__)
```

If the installation was successful, this will print the version number of the installed package.

## Key Management

EncypherAI uses Ed25519 digital signatures for secure metadata verification. You can generate key pairs using the built-in functions:

```python
from encypher.core.keys import generate_key_pair

# Generate a key pair
private_key, public_key = generate_key_pair()

# Store these securely in your application
# The private key should be kept secure and used for signing
# The public key can be distributed for verification
Alternatively, you can use the provided helper script `encypher/examples/generate_keys.py` to generate your initial key pair and get detailed usage instructions.

For more information on key management, see the [Tamper Detection](../user-guide/tamper-detection.md) guide.

## Next Steps

Once you have EncypherAI installed, continue to the [Quick Start Guide](quickstart.md) to learn how to use the package.
